and has been unbeatable two teams with
a lot of tradition the leadership is played
general and suffer more
by fabián to elaborate
taking advantage of administration of venegas
much distraction I insist on the saga the
had and the gay so you fight for the
Left side can not pop the ball
fortuitous and look at you
and nothing less
the child machine the choricero traced to
right side and from where
the young wonder removes the veil
from Pennsylvania
by luis gerardo venegas who highlights
of rivers and good started the second half
other iron and lean large chaco
gimenez touching the first tank for
red
the keeper to love
but he shoots it with a work for a work
of art
the young wonder I robin that puts
win
early machine but another goal remains
of the dressing dress and nothing else
I was overcome in front, it seems to me that
obviously the better it can be that
good deviated down agree
good service rejects better in the world
and in the iron colt against
in this match
there are people who look
but no
rica humberto carrera de cabeza 3 a 1
circumstantial but you know that you have to
and criticize very strongly the foals of
Iron atlante that
the side of the right side
and the goal is to give half to
Cherokee Perez and the Cherokee first
lets pass the good enrique ayala diego
san roman all the people
the kutxa area
with by fabián de la mora
This seems to me that it is already the last
who dwelt in the coffin two goals that
they fell literally of pechito
the best
the big difference
you can not